[AzureMonitorExporter] Update Changelog for _OTELRESOURCE_ metrics (#36136)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.OpenTelemetry.Exporter/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added

> * Added resource attributes to metric telemetry with a name of `_OTELRESOURCE_`, which includes all attributes as custom dimensions in every transmission to the ingestion service, enabling the storage of resource objects in the `AppResources` table. ([36063](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/36063))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Resource](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/resource/sdk.md)
attributes will now be exported as custom dimensions on CustomMetric telemetry
with name as `_OTELRESOURCE_`. This CustomMetric will be included in every batch
of telemetry items sent to ingestion, enabling the storage of resource objects
in the `AppResources` table in kusto logs.
([36063](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/36063))
```

> * [Resource](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/resource/sdk.md) attributes will now be exported as custom dimensions on Metric telemetry with the name `_OTELRESOURCE_`. This Metric will be included in every batch of telemetry items sent to the ingestion service. ([#36063](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/36063))

Author: Two copies of `_OTELRESOURCE_` will be sent to ingestion service, one with traces batch and another with metrics batch.

> * [Resource](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/resource/sdk.md) attributes will now be exported as custom dimensions on Metric telemetry with the name `_OTELRESOURCE_`. This Metric will be included in every batch of telemetry items sent to the ingestion service. ([#36063](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/36063))

Reviewer 2: Which means the resulting metrics could have totally different dimensions? (what should the user expect from this metrics stream?)

> * [Resource](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/resource/sdk.md) attributes will now be exported as custom dimensions on Metric telemetry with the name `_OTELRESOURCE_`. This Metric will be included in every batch of telemetry items sent to the ingestion service. ([#36063](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/36063))

Reviewer 2: Got it, thanks.
